doc: Documentation review for nRF Asset Tracker (#76)
NordicSemiconductor/asset-tracker-cloud-docs: CONTRIBUTING.rst

.. _contributing:

Contributing to the project
###########################

This guide is intended for providing information on contributing to the *nRF Asset Tracker* codebase.
As a first step, see :ref:`Code of Conduct <code-of-conduct-readme>`.

Finding open issues
*******************

A list of `help-wanted issues <https://github.com/orgs/NordicSemiconductor/projects/2?card_filter_query=label%3A%22help+wanted%22>`_ is maintained in the project board.

> These issues are good starting points for exploring the project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These issues are good starting points for contributing to the project.
```
They are not intended to facilitate exploring the codebase.
